Implement MachinePool Machines in core CAPI components (#8828)
kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api: docs/book/src/developer/providers/migrations/v1.4-to-v1.5.md

### API Changes

> - InfraMachinePools now include optional status fields for `infrastructureMachineKind` and `infrastructureMachineSelector`. If both are set, the InfraMachinePool should create InfraMachines, and the MachinePool will create Machines associated with each instance.

Reviewer: can we link to the proposal and/or the CAPD PR for reference?

### API Changes

> - InfrastructureMachinePools now include an optional status field for `infrastructureMachineKind`. This allows infrastructure providers can support MachinePool Machines by having the InfraMachinePool set the `infrastructureMachineKind` to the kind of their InfrastructureMachines. The InfrastructureMachinePool will be responsible for creating and deleting InfrastructureMachines as the MachinePool is scaled up and down. In addition, the InfrastructureMachines must also have the following label set by the InfrastructureMachinePool: `cluster.x-k8s.io/cluster-name` and `cluster.x-k8s.io/pool-name`. See the [MachinePool Machines proposal](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api/blob/main/docs/proposals/20220209-machinepool-machines.md) for more details and the [CAPD implementation](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api/pull/8842) for a reference implementation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- InfrastructureMachinePools now include an optional status field for `infrastructureMachineKind`. This allows infrastructure providers to support MachinePool Machines by having the InfraMachinePool set the `infrastructureMachineKind` to the kind of their InfrastructureMachines. The InfrastructureMachinePool will be responsible for creating and deleting InfrastructureMachines as the MachinePool is scaled up and down. In addition, the InfrastructureMachines must also have the following labels set by the InfrastructureMachinePool: `cluster.x-k8s.io/cluster-name` and `cluster.x-k8s.io/pool-name`. See the [MachinePool Machines proposal](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api/blob/main/docs/proposals/20220209-machinepool-machines.md) for more details and the [CAPD implementation](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api/pull/8842) for a reference.
```
